Overall Goal:
Analyse data and test whether the proposed source is significant or not. 

Plans:

Function: Find the solid angle of test region
Function: Find solid angle of strip
	Kendall are handling these two

Function: Count points in test region
Function: Count points in strip
	Daniel has handled these two

Function: Poisson probability of N counts in the region, given background.

Function: Count number of events in time window
Function: Scan multiple windows and find maximum (statistical)
Function: Find the event density in time for a given time window.

Function: Conversion from MJD to Regular Time.


Task: Rearrange the data, putting all the values into a point class, and change functionality to search over
	the list of points, not individual lists.

Task: Clean up the plot() output.
	Colour based upon something
	Change the window to the same time window as the paper.

Task: Use functions to find statistical signicance of event densities for given regions
	Using a flat distribution. Ignoring time.

Task: Use functions to find statistical sigificance of event densities in time for given time regions
	Using poisson. Ignoring spacial component.

Task: Find the weighting of the neutrino energy for a given angular separation
	Note, maybe not every data point is used.

Task: Go through paper and figure out what units they use, and figure out how to convert from our
	data values into those units. IE, convert MJD to Calendar day and so forth.
		Should be able to reverse the direction as well.

Task: Go through paper and find THEIR mean rates, their time windows and so forth...

Task: Create some background notes on the production of neutrinos in blazars. What a blazar is. How 	we detect neutrinos in icecube. What is icecube? Describing the different IC#'s. Any other 





Check spacial density against background.
	Create search window around source
	compare against random count.
	Poisson probability of the # events in the time interval.

Check time density against background


Can compare the mean rate from the paper against detection


FOR LATER:

Function: Find Non-flat probability distribution in a test region.

Task: Compare densities in both space and time. Challenge.
